Hello and the last lesson we created our custom No but it still doesn't print out any information on
screen.
So what we're going to do today is tell Wordpress which feels we want to be fashed from each post.
To begin this lesson let's take a look at our lay.
Well let's understand first what we want.
Humidifying that we want to post the image let's call it the future image and just below the author
link category tags the publication date and finally the post excerpt.
That is the first 55 words from the editor of content textarea followed by Alix's a couple more information
before we begin.
If you look at the dashboard in our post table it's open one of the posts for example this first post
from the web design category.
I've made some modifications to the content but nothing so important only that the content it's a little
different.
And also that there is a future image for every post from the web design and the Web development categories
those modifications are only truly straight.
What you're going to learn today.
Right.
Again going back to subline text to make her look cleaner so that the code itself becomes more readable.
We're going to use that get template part function we learned in previous lessons so let's do the following.
Let's close the beach be tag here.
After the post since it is from here that the post content will be brought and forgotten to reopen the
tag just below.
So the content to be inserted here in the middle that is everything that is here at this point.
As you already know will be repeated because here we've cut a loop.
Let's go ahead and open a divide here.
Let's pass the code 12 class here.
As I have already explained to you this future news occupied the full width of the new row we created.
Inside that div Let's call the Gets templates part function and let's pass two parameters
the first one is going to be template hyphen parts forward slash content and the second one is going
to be featured.
That is we'll have to create a new file inside the template parse folder called content HIF and features
that THP.
As for this file then
OK what do you have in this file.
Well we want to make space to bring the post featured image.
The author is link to category tags.
The publication date and the excerpt.
Split things up a bit.
Let's copy everything from the content that page file and paste in that new file.
Hence we have to write less code.
Let's add one more CSSA class to the stack here.
To do that I'm going to create an array inside this post class function.
Add an argument code class and set its value to future.
By doing this along with the CSSA class is generated other medically by the post class function will
have one more code future as great a native load or thumbnail and Lescott that coats may be related
to the thumbnail and we want to make some changes here.
For the size Let's Fasti large parameter and for the image to be responsive Let's create an array here
including the class argument.
And its value is going to be I N G hyphen fluid that will cause a bootstrap class call.
I am the fluid to be included and thus make our image responsive now down here.
Let's change the order of the fuse a bit within a single paragraph.
We're going to include each field we want each of them inside of.
OK.
Notice here that the publication date went down and we only have a single paragraph tag.
Also notice that for the text function we added a less parameter including here the close in its UML
span tag.
This function accepts three parameters and we can add eight shemale tags here on the first.
And on the last Brander's OK one more modification here.
Instead of the food count.
We only want the excerpts to do this.
We replace the content with the excerpt.
OK.
Let's say this.
And let's see if Finally we get end results.
Belongs in the home page
here we got the image and the other fields too.
Let's just check if it's really the post we want.
See.
And as we excluded the social media category from our look remember what appears on the page is the
first post from the web design category.
OK let's see if the maze is indeed responsive.
Go ahead and press control shift I are on a Mac command option.
I click here.
And see that the image is really responsive.
The next step now is to bring the Jews secondary news.
For this we will have to create a second loop here on the same page as you'll notice.
This is only possible use an alternative such as the W.P. Querrey class but that's a subject for our
next lesson.
And then happy calling.